R3K0A77ZNWX5UO;;http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2KXYF32N5LYNM;;Digital Camera;;B004HW73QG;;Canon Powershot A2200 14.1 MP Digital Camera with 4x Optical Zoom (Black);;Better than I thought it would be!;;I have my Powershot A2200 for about two weeks now. I was a little concerned about the mixed reviews but I thought I would take a chance. I have and love my Canon G10 but did not want to carry it everywhere with me.  I needed a little camera to carry with me and not worry about. I purchased my Powershot A2200 for 129. and could not complain about that. I liked how you can move through the different modes quickly and I especially liked the live mode. I am an artist and it is very important for me to control color and contrast and I can easily do that in the live mode. I understand the problems some of the other reviews complained about especially the blurriness. I too had blurry photos when I first started using it. This camera has a learning curve - it is a very sensitive camera and you have to become familiar with it and choose the mode ( program, live , auto ) that is best for you. Also there are several options to control in the focus of the camera. I suggest you become familiar with it to improve your results.  This is a good camera for someone like myself that is familiar with using cameras and want options for controlling images.  If you just want to point and shoot and not think about it - this may not be the best choice. I am really impressed with the photos I have taken. I mainly use the live mode - it is a very flexible mode - shooting well in low museum light and even out of a fast moving car.  Given what I received for this cost I am very pleased. I love my little light canon camera.;;4.0;;April 29, 2011;;74;;76;;0.973684
R38L22R48DS35Y;;http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2L0OXBFGW5MA8;;Digital Camera;;B004HW73QG;;Canon Powershot A2200 14.1 MP Digital Camera with 4x Optical Zoom (Black);;Nice lil Camera for the price;;I bought this camera for it's small size, cheap price and as an alternative to my DSLR. Very nice image quality at ISO 80 in P mode where you have some control over the image. Although their is no image stabilization unless you switch to scene mode and then it's called 'Blur Reduction' ...new one on me...and no choice of ISO other than AUTO. Also it shoots at a reduced resolution. I guess you can't have it all at this price. Just make sure you have your mini tripod ready for those important shots unless your in scene mode and choosing 'Blur Reduction';;4.0;;June 11, 2011;;4;;5;;0.8
R1HKIF1I3JWPWL;;http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A23T1BJKCSBPU1;;Digital Camera;;B004HW73QG;;Canon Powershot A2200 14.1 MP Digital Camera with 4x Optical Zoom (Black);;Not up to Canon's standards;;Canon cameras have always been the best for the money, not this one.  Although the camera has numerous features that are attractive there are two issues that detract, Lag time and battery life.  When the battery is freshly charged the lag time is comparable to the SD line of cameras.  After ten to 15 shots the lag time gradually gets too long. I would not recommend using it for shooting pictures at an event, it ma be okay for still lief pictures.  The battery is a lithium-ion, same as the SD series.  However, it is rated at only 740 mAh compared to 940 mAh on the SD series.  On a recent trip the battery died after seven hours of usage.  Today the battery monitor said I had used 1/3 of the capacity in 2.5 hours.  I recommend spending the extra money on the SD series or buying a different brand.;;2.0;;April 25, 2011;;45;;54;;0.833333
R2PYMPRIKWSJ6I;;http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A13U2BWKQN7KZV;;Digital Camera;;B004HW73QG;;Canon Powershot A2200 14.1 MP Digital Camera with 4x Optical Zoom (Black);;lemon;;For all of the good reviews I read about this camera, maybe I got my hopes up a little too high.  It's been a week now and after about 150 pictures, it's going back tomorrow.  It's a nice small camera with some cool features, but picture quality is terrible.  My wife's old point and shoot got wet and went to camera heaven while we were on vacation, so I thought this would make a good replacement.  It was a little more than I spent on the previous camera, but Cannon has made a good name for itself and I figured it was a safe bet.  Well, I figured wrong.  Maybe one out of 10 or 15 pictures comes out decent in good conditions.  In all but bright light, it is nearly impossible to hand hold the camera and get a sharp shot.  The auto white balance is often wrong.  In bright light I get a haze over the pictures (lens flare?).  In low light I get reflections of what looks like dirt on the lens even after I have carefully cleaned the lens with a lens cloth.  Out of 150 or so pictures, I have maybe 10 decent ones and none that are any better than just decent.  Our previous point and shoot took such good pictures that I started to neglect the SLR.  This camera takes only slightly better pictures than my daughter's $20 digital camera.  With all of the good reviews I have read about this camera, maybe mine was a lemon, but I'll be gun shy when it comes to cannon in the future though.;;1.0;;September 8, 2011;;9;;10;;0.9
R3VNGFL74OI6ZO;;http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A3RH8KSJH1FESJ;;Digital Camera;;B004HW73QG;;Canon Powershot A2200 14.1 MP Digital Camera with 4x Optical Zoom (Black);;Don't rely on Auto mode & you'll be happy for the price;;This is not the type of camera where you can leave it on auto and assume everything will be fine. I did that but within a couple of shots I found the settings to be overly bright & very noisy as it looks like the ISO had been cranked up to 1600 (which is ridiculous for any compact) for a not so dark room. Its best to switch straight to Program mode and get accustomed with the manual controls. Thankfully Canon has realised that some people don't know anything about cameras and has provided an inbuilt help system (which can be turned on/off) to set examples of what each thing does, this can save a lot of time & avoid reading through the 200 page PDF manual! Very handy for those who are just about to leave on vacation<br /><br />The discreet mode is great for those that need to take a photo but don't want to attract any attention. This mode will not use flash & will not make any sound at all aside from a tiny mechanical movement. Unfortunately the LCD screen will still continue to emit light since there is no manual viewfinder to look through. The colour reproduction is actually pretty accurate, its possible to replicate what you see with your own eyes (something that's usually impossible whilst indoors with compacts). The optical zoom mode is nice, you get a choice of both 4x optical & digital zoom of up to 16x. If you want to preserve your photos I strongly suggest turning digital mode off. Thankfully its quite obvious where the digital zoom will come into play as it'll pause for a second before continuing & you'll notice a line inbetween the zoom bar. The LCD screen itself is nice & large & easy to view under direct sunlight - a problem that arises even amongst DSLR users!<br /><br />Now for the bad points, the lack of IS (image stabilisation) is disappointing as a lot of images in low-lit rooms will get blurry even if your hands seem like they're barely moving. The all plastic casing is also worrying, I'm pretty sure that the tripod holder isn't even metal which means it could wear down quickly & wobble around. The delay between shots is very slow taking about 4 seconds to get from one to the next. The plastic cover that covers the USB transfer cord is also disappointing as not only is it hard to get open but feels like it'll eventually be ripped off accidentally. Although this camera seems to take good photos via manual controls you'll instantly notice upon zooming in that it'll still have digital noise including the flash shots so detail will be lost during editing even if you're only shooting in 2MP (less than 20% of its full resolution). Camera distortion is another issue with that rounded affect on straight objects at angles and a lot of the features are gimmicky and aren't helpful for anyone who's serious about photography. <br /><br />However I'm probably being a bit too harsh since coming from a DSLR. It is an all round good budget $100 camera & you'll no longer have to worry about using flash for dark indoor shots which usually kills the photo with false lighting. Just be warned that digital noise will popup on occasions & a few shots will get pretty blurry without image stabilisation, if this worries you, aim for something a bit better.;;4.0;;September 7, 2011;;7;;7;;1.0
